docs/cores/arcade.md, before:

Here is a list of the arcade cores that are in the MiSTer Github Repository. (SDRAM section is not filled in yet, assume the cores require SDRAM)

| Core Name                                                                          | SDRAM    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [Arkanoid](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Arkanoid_MISTer)                 |          |
| [AsteroidsDeluxe](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-AsteroidsDeluxe_MiSTer)   | ✔️        |
| [Asteroids](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Asteroids_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Astrocade](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Astrocade_MiSTer)               | ✔️        |
| [ATetris](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ATetris_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Bagman](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Bagman_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Berzerk](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Berzerk_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [BlackWidow](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BlackWidow_MiSTer)             |          |
| [BombJack](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BombJack_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Breakout](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Breakout_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [BurgerTime](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BurgerTime_MiSTer)             |          |
| [BurningRubber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BurningRubber_MiSTer)       |          |
| [CanyonBomber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CanyonBomber_MiSTer)         |          |
| [Cave](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Cave_MiSTer)                         | ✔️        |
| [Centipede](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Centipede_MiSTer)               |          |
| [ComputerSpace](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ComputerSpace_MiSTer)       |          |
| [Cosmic](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Cosmic_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [CrazyBalloon](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyBalloon_MiSTer)         |          |
| [CrazyClimber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyClimber_MiSTer)         |          |
| [CrazyKong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyKong_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Defender](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Defender_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [DigDug](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DigDug_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Dominos](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Dominos_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [DonkeyKong3](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKong3_MiSTer)           |          |
| [DonkeyKongJunior](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKongJunior_MiSTer) |          |
| [DonkeyKong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKong_MiSTer)             |          |
| [DottoriKun](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DottoriKun_MiSTer)             |          |
| [Druaga](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Druaga_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Finalizer](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Finalizer_MiSTer)               |          |
| [FoodFight](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-FoodFight_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Frenzy](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Frenzy_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Galaga](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Galaga_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Galaxian](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Galaxian_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Gaplus](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gaplus_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Gauntlet](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gauntlet_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Gyruss](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gyruss_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [IremM62](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-IremM62_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [IronHorse](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-IronHorse_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Jackal](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Jackal_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [Jailbreak](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Jailbreak_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Ladybug](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-LadyBug_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [LunarLander](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-LunarLander_MiSTer)           |          |
| [MarioBros](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MarioBros_MiSTer)               |          |
| [MCR1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR1_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MCR2](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR2_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MCR3Mono](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3Mono_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [MCR3Scroll](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3Scroll_MiSTer)             |          |
| [MCR3](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MoonPatrol](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MoonPatrol_MiSTer)             | ✔️        |
| [MrDo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MrDo_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [NinjaKun](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-NinjaKun_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Pacman](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pacman_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Pengo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pengo_MiSTer)                       |          |
| [Phoenix](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Phoenix_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Pleiads](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pleiads_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [PolyPlay](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-PolyPlay_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Pong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pong_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [Pooyan](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pooyan_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Popeye](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Popeye_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [QBert](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-QBert_MiSTer)                       |          |
| [Rallyx](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RallyX_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [RiverPatrol](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RiverPatrol_MiSTer)           |          |
| [Robotron](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Robotron_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [RushnAttack](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RushnAttack_MiSTer)           |          |
| [ScooterShooter](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ScooterShooter_MiSTer)     |          |
| [Scramble](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Scramble_MiSTer)                 | ✔️        |
| [SEGASYS1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SEGASYS1_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [SilverLand](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SilverLand_MiSTer)             |          |
| [SkySkipper](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SkySkipper_MiSTer)             |          |
| [SolomonsKey](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SolomonsKey_MiSTer)           |          |
| [SpaceInvaders](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SpaceInvaders_MiSTer)       | ✔️        |
| [SpaceRace](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SpaceRace_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Sprint1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Sprint1_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Sprint2](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Sprint2_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Subs](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Subs_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [SuperBreakout](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SuperBreakout_MiSTer)       |          |
| [Tecmo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Tecmo_MiSTer)                       | ✔️        |
| [TIAMC1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TIAMC1_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [TimePilot84](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TimePilot84_MISTer)           |          |
| [TimePilot](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TimePilot_MiSTer)               |          |
| [TraverseUSA](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TraverseUSA_MiSTer)           |          |
| [Ultratank](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Ultratank_MiSTer)               |          |
| [VBall](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-VBall_MiSTer)                       | ✔️        |
| [Xevious](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Xevious_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Zaxxon](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Zaxxon_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [ZigZag](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ZigZag_MiSTer)                     |          |

Commit message:

Hide ToC on most pages
Hide lots of ToC's in smaller pages for better formatting

docs/cores/arcade.md, after:

---
hide:
  - toc
---

Here is a list of the arcade cores that are in the MiSTer Github Repository. (SDRAM section is not filled in completely yet, you should assume the cores require SDRAM)

| Core Name                                                                          | SDRAM    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [Arkanoid](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Arkanoid_MISTer)                 |          |
| [AsteroidsDeluxe](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-AsteroidsDeluxe_MiSTer)   | ✔️        |
| [Asteroids](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Asteroids_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Astrocade](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Astrocade_MiSTer)               | ✔️        |
| [ATetris](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ATetris_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Bagman](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Bagman_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Berzerk](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Berzerk_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [BlackWidow](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BlackWidow_MiSTer)             |          |
| [BombJack](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BombJack_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Breakout](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Breakout_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [BurgerTime](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BurgerTime_MiSTer)             |          |
| [BurningRubber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-BurningRubber_MiSTer)       |          |
| [CanyonBomber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CanyonBomber_MiSTer)         |          |
| [Cave](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Cave_MiSTer)                         | ✔️        |
| [Centipede](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Centipede_MiSTer)               |          |
| [ComputerSpace](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ComputerSpace_MiSTer)       |          |
| [Cosmic](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Cosmic_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [CrazyBalloon](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyBalloon_MiSTer)         |          |
| [CrazyClimber](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyClimber_MiSTer)         |          |
| [CrazyKong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-CrazyKong_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Defender](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Defender_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [DigDug](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DigDug_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Dominos](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Dominos_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [DonkeyKong3](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKong3_MiSTer)           |          |
| [DonkeyKongJunior](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKongJunior_MiSTer) |          |
| [DonkeyKong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DonkeyKong_MiSTer)             |          |
| [DottoriKun](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-DottoriKun_MiSTer)             |          |
| [Druaga](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Druaga_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Finalizer](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Finalizer_MiSTer)               |          |
| [FoodFight](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-FoodFight_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Frenzy](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Frenzy_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Galaga](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Galaga_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Galaxian](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Galaxian_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Gaplus](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gaplus_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Gauntlet](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gauntlet_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Gyruss](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Gyruss_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [IremM62](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-IremM62_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [IronHorse](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-IronHorse_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Jackal](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Jackal_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [Jailbreak](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Jailbreak_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Ladybug](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-LadyBug_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [LunarLander](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-LunarLander_MiSTer)           |          |
| [MarioBros](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MarioBros_MiSTer)               |          |
| [MCR1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR1_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MCR2](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR2_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MCR3Mono](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3Mono_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [MCR3Scroll](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3Scroll_MiSTer)             |          |
| [MCR3](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MCR3_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [MoonPatrol](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MoonPatrol_MiSTer)             | ✔️        |
| [MrDo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-MrDo_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [NinjaKun](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-NinjaKun_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Pacman](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pacman_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Pengo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pengo_MiSTer)                       |          |
| [Phoenix](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Phoenix_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Pleiads](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pleiads_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [PolyPlay](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-PolyPlay_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [Pong](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pong_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [Pooyan](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Pooyan_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [Popeye](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Popeye_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [QBert](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-QBert_MiSTer)                       |          |
| [Rallyx](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RallyX_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [RiverPatrol](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RiverPatrol_MiSTer)           |          |
| [Robotron](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Robotron_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [RushnAttack](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-RushnAttack_MiSTer)           |          |
| [ScooterShooter](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ScooterShooter_MiSTer)     |          |
| [Scramble](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Scramble_MiSTer)                 | ✔️        |
| [SEGASYS1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SEGASYS1_MiSTer)                 |          |
| [SilverLand](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SilverLand_MiSTer)             |          |
| [SkySkipper](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SkySkipper_MiSTer)             |          |
| [SolomonsKey](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SolomonsKey_MiSTer)           |          |
| [SpaceInvaders](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SpaceInvaders_MiSTer)       | ✔️        |
| [SpaceRace](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SpaceRace_MiSTer)               |          |
| [Sprint1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Sprint1_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Sprint2](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Sprint2_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Subs](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Subs_MiSTer)                         |          |
| [SuperBreakout](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-SuperBreakout_MiSTer)       |          |
| [Tecmo](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Tecmo_MiSTer)                       | ✔️        |
| [TIAMC1](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TIAMC1_MiSTer)                     |          |
| [TimePilot84](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TimePilot84_MISTer)           |          |
| [TimePilot](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TimePilot_MiSTer)               |          |
| [TraverseUSA](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-TraverseUSA_MiSTer)           |          |
| [Ultratank](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Ultratank_MiSTer)               |          |
| [VBall](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-VBall_MiSTer)                       | ✔️        |
| [Xevious](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Xevious_MiSTer)                   |          |
| [Zaxxon](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-Zaxxon_MiSTer)                     | ✔️        |
| [ZigZag](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/Arcade-ZigZag_MiSTer)                     |          |
